

# libutils
`import "github.com/cuberat/go-libutils/libutils"`

* [Overview](#pkg-overview)
* [Index](#pkg-index)

## <a name="pkg-overview">Overview</a>
The libutils package provides various utilities for working in Go.

Installation


	go get github.com/cuberat/go-libutils/libutils




## <a name="pkg-index">Index</a>
* [Variables](#pkg-variables)
* [func AddCompressionLayer(w io.Writer, suffix string) (io.Writer, CloseFunc, error)](#AddCompressionLayer)
* [func AddDecompressionLayer(r io.Reader, suffix string) (io.Reader, CloseFunc, error)](#AddDecompressionLayer)
* [func OpenFileRO(infile string) (io.Reader, CloseFunc, error)](#OpenFileRO)
* [func OpenFileW(outfile string) (io.Writer, CloseFunc, error)](#OpenFileW)
* [type CloseFunc](#CloseFunc)


#### <a name="pkg-files">Package files</a>
[libutils.go](/src/github.com/cuberat/go-libutils/libutils/libutils.go) 



## <a name="pkg-variables">Variables</a>
``` go
var (
    UnknownSuffix error = errors.New("Unknown suffix")
)
```


## <a name="AddCompressionLayer">func</a> [AddCompressionLayer](/src/target/libutils.go?s=4526:4612#L140)
``` go
func AddCompressionLayer(w io.Writer, suffix string) (io.Writer,
    CloseFunc, error)
```
Adds compression to output written to writer w, if the suffix is supported.

Supported compression:


	gzip  (gz)
	bzip2 (bz2) -- calls external program
	xz    (xz)  -- calls external program

The CloseFunc object is a function that you must call to shutdown the
compression layer properly.



## <a name="AddDecompressionLayer">func</a> [AddDecompressionLayer](/src/target/libutils.go?s=5446:5534#L176)
``` go
func AddDecompressionLayer(r io.Reader, suffix string) (io.Reader,
    CloseFunc, error)
```
Adds decompression to input read from reader r, if the suffix is supported.

Supported decompression:


	gzip  (gz)
	bzip2 (bz2)
	xz    (xz) -- calls external program

The CloseFunc object is a function that you must call to shutdown the
decompression layer properly.



## <a name="OpenFileRO">func</a> [OpenFileRO](/src/target/libutils.go?s=3372:3432#L96)
``` go
func OpenFileRO(infile string) (io.Reader, CloseFunc, error)
```
Opens a file in read-only mode. If the file name ends in a supported
compression suffix, input with be decompressed.

Supported decompression:


	gzip  (.gz)
	bzip2 (.bz2)
	xz    (.xz) -- calls external program

The CloseFunc object is a function that you must call to close the file
properly.



## <a name="OpenFileW">func</a> [OpenFileW](/src/target/libutils.go?s=2135:2195#L50)
``` go
func OpenFileW(outfile string) (io.Writer, CloseFunc, error)
```
Open a file for writing. If the file name dends in a supported
compression suffix, output will be compressed in that format.

Supported compression:


	gzip  (.gz)
	bzip2 (.bz2) -- calls external program
	xz    (.xz)  -- calls external program

The CloseFunc object is a function that you must call to close the file
properly.




## <a name="CloseFunc">type</a> [CloseFunc](/src/target/libutils.go?s=1750:1774#L38)
``` go
type CloseFunc func()
```













- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)
